## General Terms
By accessing and placing an order with Zagori Travel Guide, you confirm that you are in agreement with and bound by the terms of service contained in the Terms & Conditions outlined below. These terms apply to the entire website and any email or other type of communication between you and Zagori Travel Guide.

## License
Zagori Travel Guide grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to
download, install and use the app strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
These Terms & Conditions are a contract between you and Zagori Travel Guide (referred to in these Terms & Conditions as "Zagori Travel Guide", "us", "we" or "our"), the provider of the Zagori Travel Guide website and the services accessible from the Zagori Travel Guide website (which are collectively referred to in these Terms & Conditions as "Zagori Travel Guide"). You are agreeing to be bound by these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, please do not use the Zagori Travel Guide Service. In these Terms & Conditions, "you" refers both to you as an individual and to the entity you represent. If you violate any of these Terms & Conditions, we reserve the right to cancel your account or block access to your account without notice.

## Definitions and Key Terms
To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Terms & Conditions, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as:
- Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
- Company: when this terms mention “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Zagori Tourist Guide App, that is responsible for your information under this Terms & Conditions.
- Country: where Zagori Travel Guide or the owners/founders of Zagori Travel Guide are based, in this case is Greece.
- Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit zagori and use the services.
- Service: refers to the service provided by Zagori Travel Guide as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
- Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
- App/Application: Zagori Travel Guide, refers to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT identified above.
- You: a person or entity that is registered with Zagori Travel Guide to use the Services.

## Restrictions
You agree not to, and you will not permit others to: License, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the app or make the platform available to any third party. Modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, decrypt, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the app. Remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) of Zagori Travel Guide or its affiliates, partners, suppliers or the licensors of the app.

## Payment
If you register to any of our recurring payment plans, you agree to pay all fees or charges to your account for the Service in accordance with the fees, charges and billing terms in effect at the time that each fee or charge is due and payable. Unless otherwise indicated in an order form, you must provide Zagori Travel Guide with a valid credit card (Visa, MasterCard, or any other issuer accepted by us) (“Payment Provider”) as a condition to signing up for the Premium plan. Your Payment Provider agreement governs your use of the designated credit card account, and you must refer to that agreement and not these Terms to determine your rights and liabilities with respect to your Payment Provider. By providing Zagori Travel Guide with your credit card number and associated payment information, you agree that Zagori Travel Guide is authorized to verify information immediately, and subsequently invoice your account for all fees and charges due and payable to Zagori Travel Guide hereunder and that no additional notice or consent is required. You agree to immediately notify Zagori Travel Guide of any change in your billing address or
the credit card used for payment hereunder. Zagori Travel Guide reserves the right at any time to
change its prices and billing methods, either immediately upon posting on our Site or by e-mail delivery to your organization’s administrator(s). Any attorney fees, court costs, or other costs incurred in collection of delinquent undisputed amounts shall be the responsibility of and paid for by you. No contract will exist between you and Zagori Travel Guide for the Service until Zagori Travel Guide accepts your order by a confirmatory e-mail, SMS/MMS message, or other appropriate means of communication. You are responsible for any third-party fees that you may incur when using the Service.

## Return and Refund Policy
Thanks for shopping at Zagori Travel Guide. We appreciate the fact that you like to buy the stuff we build. We also want to make sure you have a rewarding experience while you’re exploring, evaluating, and purchasing our products. As with any shopping experience, there are terms and conditions that apply to transactions at Zagori Travel Guide. We’ll be as brief as our attorneys will allow. The main thing to remember is that by placing an order or making a purchase at Zagori Travel Guide, you agree to the terms along with Zagori Travel Guide's Privacy Policy.
If, for any reason, You are not completely satisfied with any good or service that we provide, don't hesitate to contact us and we will discuss any of the issues you are going through with our product.

## Your Suggestions
Any feedback, comments, ideas, improvements or suggestions (collectively, "Suggestions") provided by you to Zagori Travel Guide with respect to the app shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Zagori Travel Guide. Zagori Travel Guide shall be free to use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the Suggestions for any purpose and in any way without any credit or any compensation to you.

## Your Consent
We've updated our Terms & Conditions to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using our app, registering an account, or making a purchase, you hereby consent to our Terms & Conditions.

## Links to Other Websites
This Terms & Conditions applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Zagori Travel Guide. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Terms & Conditions are no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you. Changes To Our Terms & Conditions
If we decide to change our Terms & Conditions, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Terms & Conditions modification date below.

## Modifications to Our App
Zagori Tourist Guide App reserves the right to modify the app or any service to which it connects, with or without notice and without liability to you. Updates to Our app Zagori Travel Guide may from time to time provide enhancements or improvements to the features/functionality of the app, which may include patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications ("Updates"). Updates may modify or delete certain features and/or functionalities of the app. You agree that Zagori Travel Guide has no obligation to (i) provide any Updates, or (ii) continue to provide or enable any particular features and/or functionalities of the app to you. You further agree that all Updates will be (i) deemed to constitute an integral part of the app, and (ii) subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

## Third-Party Services
We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third- Party Services"). You acknowledge and agree that Zagori Tourist Guide App shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. Zagori Travel Guide does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions.

## Termination
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or Zagori Travel Guide. Zagori Travel Guide may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice. This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from Zagori Travel Guide, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the app and all copies thereof from your mobile phone device. Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use of the app and delete all copies of the app from your computer. Termination of this Agreement will not limit any of Zagori Travel Guide rights or remedies at law or in equity in case of breach by you (during the term of this Agreement) of any of your obligations under the
present Agreement.

## Copyright Infringement Notice
If you are a copyright owner or such owner’s agent and believe any material on our app constitutes an infringement on your copyright, please contact us setting forth the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on his behalf; (b) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing; (c) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email; (d) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owners; and (e) the a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.

## Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Zagori Tourist Guide App and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors (if any) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, due to or arising out of your: (a) use of the app; (b) violation of this Agreement or any law or regulation; or (c) violation of any right of a third party.

## No Warranties
The app is provided to you "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Zagori Travel Guide, on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the app, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, Zagori Travel Guide provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of
any kind that the app will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, apps, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected. Without limiting the foregoing, neither Zagori Travel Guide nor any Zagori Travel Guide's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the app, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the app will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the app; or (iv) that the app, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of Zagori Travel Guide are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of or limitations on implied warranties or the limitations on the applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you.

## Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Zagori Tourist Guide App on the Services, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Zagori Tourist Guide App concerning the Services. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Zagori’s Tourist Guide App failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. YOU AND ZAGORI TOURIST GUIDE APP AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.

## Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under this Agreement shall not effect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute waiver of any subsequent breach. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of that right or power. Nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power under this Agreement preclude further exercise of that or any other right granted herein. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this
Agreement shall govern.

## Amendments to this Agreement
Zagori Travel Guide reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use our app after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use Zagori Travel Guide.

## Entire Agreement
The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Zagori Travel Guide regarding your use of the app and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous written or oral agreements between you and Zagori Travel Guide. You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that apply when you use or purchase other Zagori Travel Guide's services, which Zagori Travel Guide will provide to you at the time of such use or purchase.

## Updates to Our Terms
We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to these Terms so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Terms. If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account.

## Intellectual Property
The app and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by Zagori Travel Guide, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by Greek and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. The material may not be copied, modified, reproduced, downloaded or distributed in any way, in whole or in part, without the express prior written permission of Zagori Travel Guide, unless and except as is expressly provided in these Terms & Conditions. Any unauthorized use of the material is prohibited.

## Agreement to Arbitrate
This section applies to any dispute EXCEPT IT DOESN’T INCLUDE A DISPUTE RELATING TO CLAIMS FOR INJUNCTIVE OR EQUITABLE RELIEF REGARDING THE ENFORCEMENT OR VALIDITY OF YOUR OR Zagori Travel Guide's INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. The term “dispute” means any dispute, action, or other controversy between you and Zagori Travel Guide concerning the Services or this agreement, whether in contract, warranty, tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, or any other legal or equitable basis. “Dispute” will be given the broadest possible meaning allowable under law.

## Notice of Dispute
In the event of a dispute, you or Zagori Travel Guide must give the other a Notice of Dispute, which is a written statement that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and the relief requested. You must send any Notice of Dispute via email to: zagoriguide@zagoriguide.com. Zagori Travel Guide will send any Notice of Dispute to you by mail to your address if we have it, or otherwise to your email address. You and Zagori Travel Guide will attempt to resolve any dispute through informal negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent. After sixty (60) days, you or Zagori Travel Guide may commence arbitration.

## Binding Arbitration
If you and Zagori Travel Guide don’t resolve any dispute by informal negotiation, any other effort to resolve the dispute will be conducted exclusively by binding arbitration as described in this section. You are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) all disputes in court before a judge or jury. Any and all legal, accounting, and other costs, fees, and expenses incurred by the prevailing party shall be borne by the non-prevailing party.

## Submissions and Privacy
In the event that you submit or post any ideas, creative suggestions, designs, photographs, information, advertisements, data or proposals, including ideas for new or improved products, services, features, technologies or promotions, you expressly agree that such submissions will automatically be treated as nonconfidential and non-proprietary and will become the sole property of Zagori Travel Guide without any compensation or credit to you whatsoever. Zagori Travel Guide and its affiliates shall have no obligations with respect to such submissions or posts and may use the ideas contained in such submissions or posts for any purposes in any medium in perpetuity, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products and services using such ideas.

## Promotions
Zagori Travel Guide may, from time to time, include contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or other
activities (“Promotions”) that require you to submit material or information concerning yourself. Please note that all Promotions may be governed by separate rules that may contain certain eligibility requirements, such as restrictions as to age and geographic location. You are responsible to read all Promotions rules to determine whether or not you are eligible to participate. If you enter any Promotion, you agree to abide by and to comply with all Promotions Rules.
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services on or through the Services, which terms and conditions are made a part of this Agreement by this reference.

## Typographical Errors
In the event a product and/or service is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product and/or service listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such order whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account or other payment account in the amount of the charge.

## Miscellaneous
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of these Terms & Conditions to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms & Conditions will continue in full force and effect. Any waiver of any provision of these Terms & Conditions will be effective only if in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Zagori Travel Guide. Zagori Travel Guide will be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief (without the obligations of posting any bond or surety) in the event of any breach or anticipatory breach by you. Zagori Travel Guide operates and controls the Zagori Travel Guide Service from its offices in Greece. The Service is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Zagori Travel Guide Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent
local laws are applicable. These Terms & Conditions (which include and incorporate the Zagori Travel Guide Privacy Policy) contains the entire understanding, and supersedes all prior understandings, between you and Zagori Travel Guide concerning its subject matter, and cannot be changed or modified by you. The section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and will not be given any legal import.

## Disclaimer
Zagori Travel Guide does not warrant that the app will be uninterrupted, uncorrupted, timely, or error free.

## Contact Us
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.
Via Email: zagoriguide@zagoriguide.com